title;rating;chapters;description;url
Feasting Lord in Another world;9.85;30;A revolution is born in the humble fishing village of Evergreen... and it's about to shake an entire world! Reincarnated in a new realm, a brilliant nutritionist rises--not with swords or sorcery, but with knowledge, flavor, and unstoppable ambition. Armed with modern culinary science, they're ready to turn simple ingredients into a delicious empire. From a modest kitchen sparks a conquest unlike any other-- A conquest of kingdoms through taste. A takeover powered by innovation, strategy, and mouth-watering creations this world has never imagined. Prepare for a feast of ambition, transformation, and flavor that changes destiny itself. Welcome to Evergreen;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Feasting-Lord-in-Another-world
The Shepherd Wizard;9.83;33;There stood a seemingly ordinary shepherd named Turan from Hisaril Hill. Having lived while hiding his talent as a great archwizard, he finally steps out into the world.;https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Shepherd-Wizard
The General - Fighting Legend;9.65;107;"Kwon, known as the ""martial god who guards Goryeo,"" wasn't always a legendary general. His story begins in childhood, alongside his older brother Jeong. The two are sons of Manjeok, once the strongest martial artist in Goryeo and a slave. When Manjeok launches a slave-liberation uprising and fails, he is executed, and Jeong and Kwon find their lives constantly under threat. While hiding to survive and training in their father's martial arts, the brothers are attacked by masters; Jeong is killed, and Kwon barely escapes with his life. Fleeing, he loses consciousness--and wakes up in a brutal Song-dynasty fighting arena, not a mere ring but an entire region where only the strong survive. There, Kwon resolves to grow stronger for the sake of revenge, vowing to become the mightiest of all and return to kill the one who took his brother's life. LATEST MANGA RELEASES";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-General-%25252D-Fighting-Legend
Don't Look for the Resurrected Villainess;9.6;41;NA;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Don%255C%2527t-Look-for-the-Resurrected-Villainess
I Became The Rogue First Prince;9.55;50;After living hundreds of years as a sword, I suddenly reincarnate into the body of a fifteen-year-old delinquent prince.;https://demonicscans.org/manga/I-Became-The-Rogue-First-Prince
Bad Business;9.5;37;Jay, a legendary hitman in the American underworld, is hired by Union—North America’s largest killer company—to destroy the killer company established by his friend Johnny with his own hands. The condition for accepting the contract was that Johnny’s life would be spared, but both Johnny and Jay are killed due to Union’s betrayal. However, through mysterious power, Jay is resurrected in the body of an ordinary Korean young man and meets Johnny, who has been resurrected in the body of a young woman. The two decide to join forces again and establish a powerful “company” to take revenge on Union, which killed them.;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Bad-Business
The Glutton;9.44;45;The human world was destroyed by the demon lords. Having lost everything, the awakened warrior Si Chen chooses to launch a desperate, final attack sacrificing himself in order to take down the demon lord of gluttony, Lan Yue. But when he wakes up again, he finds himself transported ten years into the past, before any of this happened. Realizing that his powers have awakened earlier, he decides he must act early. With his return, everything else in the world seems to have changed as well;https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Glutton
The Returnee's Hidden Strategy Stream;9.29;43;"""I came back to overcome my 55th regression."" Hanbit, the protagonist, is abducted by a goddess and thrown into the world of Erfort, where he must search for a way to save it. To find that solution, he goes through 55 full cycles of regression--meaning he also endures the pain of dying 55 times. When he finally breaks down and tells the goddess he can't take it anymore, he's sent back to his original world. Then, just for fun, he starts playing a new game... only to realize it's the very same world where he went through those 55 regressions. The deeper he digs into the game, the clearer it becomes that a dark conspiracy of the goddess is lurking behind everything. Can Hanbit expose the goddess's true, sinister intentions?";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Returnee%2527s-Hidden-Strategy-Stream
The Immortal Genius Spearman;9.19;30;"""In this life, I'll be the one who rules the battlefield."" Damian, a centurion in the Baroque Kingdom's punishment unit, dies nameless on some forgotten front at the age of thirty, regretting only one thing: ""Damn it... If I'd just had one more chance, I really would've ruled the battlefield with these guys."" When he opens his eyes again, he's gone back seventeen years--this time with a perfectly intact mana core that actually lets him learn magic. This time, he swears, he won't be swept along by an age of endless war. He'll climb higher than anyone and become the one who dominates it. Reborn in the past, Damian raises his spear toward the world and begins carving out the future he couldn't reach before.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Immortal-Genius-Spearman
Got Dropped into a Ghost Story, Still Gotta Work;9.18;34;NA;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Got-Dropped-into-a-Ghost-Story%252C-Still-Gotta-Work
I Was Thrown Into an Unknown Manga;9.1;36;"A slightly smoother synopsis: ""Scramble Love"" is a smash-hit Japanese romantic comedy manga with over 10 million copies sold. I was thrown into the world of that manga--one I had never even read. And not as a main character, but as a forgettable extra with barely any role.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/I-Was-Thrown-Into-an-Unknown-Manga
Only I Have an EX-Grade Summon;9.03;36;"Summons have ranks. From the lowest F-Rank to the highest S-Rank. But something is strange. ""Why is my summon EX-Rank?""";https://demonicscans.org/manga/Only-I-Have-an-EX%25252DGrade-Summon
The God of Ad-Libs;9.0;32;Thirty-year-old unemployed Lee Tae-gyu. At some point, he began living a numb, lethargic life, entirely cut off from his own emotions. While struggling to escape his meaningless daily life, a fateful encounter with an enigmatic old man blesses him with the power of the phantom flame--the ability to 'copy' the feelings of those around him;https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-God-of-Ad%25252DLibs
Demonic Beast Hunter Survival Guide;9.0;32;"For 12 years, Woojin suffered from mysterious nightmares of unknown origin, until he suddenly met his death... When he opened his eyes, he found himself not in the real world, but inside the very world from his nightmares--the ""Demon Realm."" Using the skills he had honed all this time, Woojin hunts demon beasts and grows stronger with each kill. As a beast hunter, he begins living a brand-new life. 'A dark fantasy world where you grow stronger the more you hunt? Honestly, that's better.'";https://demonicscans.org/manga/Demonic-Beast-Hunter-Survival-Guide
The Regressor Makes Everything;8.92;37;"Lee Se-Hoon, the blacksmith of humanity's last desperate united force, fought against the demons until the very end. However, the result was mutual destruction, with the world coming to an end. The moment he took his own life over that futile conclusion-- ""...What is this?"" He had regressed to his days as a candidate at the hero training institution, Babel Academy. Having obtained a second chance, he swore to use anything as material to gain victory this time. Anything at all!";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Regressor-Makes-Everything
Sandmancer of the Scorched Desert;8.76;30;"[By the Author that brought you Legend of the Northern Blade and Reaper of the Drifting Moon!] ""My name is Zeon. My weapon is the entire desert."" Earth was forcefully terraformed. The oceans evaporated, and the land turned to sand. Zeon is the only sand mage left on this desertified Earth. The world calls him the ""Sand Wraith.""";https://demonicscans.org/manga/Sandmancer-of-the-Scorched-Desert
The Heavenly Demon Cult's Strongest Maid;8.67;36;I was just an ordinary office worker... until I woke up as Shin Seol-ha, a lowly maid inside a martial arts novel. To support the grandmother who raised her, Seol-ha entered the dreaded Demonic Cult as a servant, surviving a grueling five-year contract. Finally, with just two months left until her freedom, her plans are completely shattered. Of all people, she is reassigned as the personal maid to Jeok Igeon, a man utterly infamous for his cruelty. While keeping her head down to survive, Seol-ha accidentally discovers a hidden, monstrous talent for martial arts, with Igeon's help. To make matters worse, she suddenly has the attention of the entire Demonic Cult, culminating in an offer to become the Heavenly Demon's personal disciple! Wait, why is everyone suddenly so obsessed with me?! Seol-ha just wants to escape the Cult, but Jeok Igeon refuses to let her go. Just where will this increasingly tangled relationship end?;https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Heavenly-Demon-Cult%2527s-Strongest-Maid
I Became the Master of the Weakest Demon King;8.11;34;"After criticizing the ending of the game ""Evil Queen Maker"" the protagonist is pulled inside as the Demon King's teacher and must raise the weakest Demon King, 7-year-old Seere, into the strongest ruler in order to escape.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/I-Became-the-Master-of-the-Weakest-Demon-King
To Hell with Being Heir, I'm going to Heal;8.08;30;"After defeating the evil that threatened the world, peace was finally restored to the world of . I have possessed a game that was failing, with nothing but an oxygen mask to keep it alive! ""I Don't Care About Being the Heir, I Just Want to Heal"" Lion Asteri, the eldest grandson of a magic noble family that even the emperor looks down upon. One day, when he went out despite his frail body...... Pop! [You have acquired Aqua Rosemary!] 'Gathering herbs just by pulling them out? This place is heaven!' A world where fair compensation follows your efforts! With a background that leaves nothing to be desired, they want me to live as the heir of the family? ""My younger brother should be the family head. Absolutely!"" Heartwarming brotherhood and familial love! Armed with limitless vitality, Lion's sweet healing life begins! **Original Novel:** [KakaoPage](https://page.kakao.com/content/65909500)";https://demonicscans.org/manga/To-Hell-with-Being-Heir%252C-I%255C%2527m-going-to-Heal
100 Million Years Later: The Ultimate Weapon's Return;8.08;31;"After humanity continuously polluted the world with waste, a monstrous being known as a ""Corrupter"" was born. As these creatures spread and eroded the world, humanity was pushed to the brink of extinction. The strongest agent, Jin Shido, finally obtained the power to save the world through dangerous human experimentation. However, it was already too late--99% of humanity had already perished. Entrusting hope to the future, Jin entered a long slumber. --And then, 100 million years later. On a newly reborn Earth, Jin awakens and smiles. ""...I knew it. It was right to believe in the possibilities of the future.""";https://demonicscans.org/manga/100-Million-Years-Later%253A-The-Ultimate-Weapon%2527s-Return
Doomsday Smuggler: I Trade Spicy Strips for Gold Bars;8.0;49;"In the apocalypse, the smuggler reigns, and spicy strips are king! While other people's online snack orders go wrong, Chen Yang receives a ""bonus"" ring that lets him travel to a wasteland world. In the real world he's a boss; in the ruined world he becomes an overlord. As others are still struggling just to survive, he's already using spicy strips to trade for technology and climbing straight to the peak of life.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/Doomsday-Smuggler%253A-I-Trade-Spicy-Strips-for-Gold-Bars
The Black-Haired U.S. Army General;7.91;46;In 1911, the first Korean cadet enrolled at the United States Military Academy;https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Black%25252DHaired-U.S.-Army-General
The Veteran Swordmaster's Stream;7.9;32;NA;https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Veteran-Swordmaster%2527s-Stream
Daesahyeong Lee-Hoe;7.82;34;Lee Hoo was never a hero. Talentless and overlooked, the Eldest Martial Brother of the Seongui Sect spent his life cooking, cleaning, and sacrificing himself for others--only to die helplessly at the hands of the Blood Cult. But when he opens his eyes in the past, he vows to live differently this time. No more regrets. No more sacrifices. And definitely no more playing the fool for everyone else. Yet somehow, the life he wanted slips completely out of control. The martial arts that once rejected him now bend effortlessly to his will. Legendary masters call him a genius beyond heaven, and Murim begins to revolve around the man who was once considered worthless. The story of a second chance begins.;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Daesahyeong-Lee%25252DHoe
The Saint Who Levels Up as a Necromancer;7.79;34;"They called him the ""Creepy Necromancer""... Feared. Hated. Completely alone. Yet Ryuga Chinen rose to the peak--reaching the legendary 9-Star rank without any god's blessing. That was his mistake. The gods feared him. So they betrayed him. Framed by the very beings who ruled the world... he was executed. But death wasn't the end. Guided by a mysterious holy relic, Ryuga regresses--returning to the past with all his memories intact. This time, everything will be different. Now, he wields not only his past knowledge... but also a Constellation's power. And his goal? To crush the arrogant gods who once killed him. As the only existence with both forbidden knowledge and divine protection... his rise begins again--faster, deadlier, unstoppable.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Saint-Who-Levels-Up-as-a-Necromancer
Resurrection Boy;7.5;30;A boy with a Resurrection Heart. Not even hundreds of deaths could kill him. Now, Jio sets his sights on the research lab that suppressed him and his friends their entire lives.;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Resurrection-Boy
The Return of the Unrivaled Genius Ranker;7.42;38;"A virtual reality game that swallowed the world--God of Savior. And the game that laid its foundation--Deus Ex Machina: Ragnarok, commonly known as Demrock. At its peak stood Kaiser, the undisputed ranker who held the absolute #1 spot. Once revered as a god, he vanished due to unavoidable circumstances... Now, after 1 year and 6 months, he has returned. ""Would you like to log in?""";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Return-of-the-Unrivaled-Genius-Ranker
I Became a Mage in a Medieval Fantasy World;7.38;36;"""Ian Raven"" ""You are... nothing."" In a medieval fantasy world, a boy named Ian is reincarnated as the son of an ordinary farmer. Just as the status window declared, Ian lived a life as ""no one."" Then one day, the mage Elendis appears before him. And for the simple reason that he ""has black hair mentioned in a prophecy,"" she takes Ian in as her disciple. After six years of harsh training, Ian finally sets out on an adventure as a mage. ...But this medieval fantasy world is far more complicated than it seems! He shudders at its outrageous standards of hygiene, and grows angry at the unfathomable selfishness of people. From a boy who was nothing, to a mage who will change the world-- This is the chaotic adventure story of Ian, a mage in a medieval fantasy world!";https://demonicscans.org/manga/I-Became-a-Mage-in-a-Medieval-Fantasy-World
The Fortune-Making Crafter: Unrivaled in Business with an Unfavored Class;7.33;30;"In a world where people enter dungeons dreaming of getting rich overnight, Souma spends his days passionately crafting items despite having the unlucky job class of ""Crafter."" But one day, his younger sister suddenly turns into a monster. To restore her to normal, they somehow need 100 million gold. Hunt, craft, and sell. A thrilling dungeon battle story begins.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Fortune%25252DMaking-Crafter%253A-Unrivaled-in-Business-with-an-Unfavored-Class
The Devil's Advocate: Hell's Ruthless Prosecutor;7.33;41;"Isaku Honjo is a cold-hearted prosecutor who will fabricate evidence if that is what it takes to see criminals punished. One day, he dies in an unexpected accident together with his wife and daughter and falls into Hell. There, a ""Millennial Festival"" held by demons is underway. The demon Bune singles Isaku out as a candidate to serve as his ""devil's proxy"" and offers him a contract: if he participates in the festival and obtains the legendary Ring of Solomon, any wish will be granted--he and even his family can be brought back to life. Forming the contract, Isaku throws himself into the Millennial Festival as Bune's agent, wielding the sword of judgment against demons themselves. Will he succeed in claiming the Ring of Solomon? A top-tier dark fantasy about a star prosecutor who now passes sentence on devils in the depths of Hell.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Devil%2527s-Advocate%253A-Hell%2527s-Ruthless-Prosecutor
The Absolute's Modern Life;7.33;36;"The hunter ""Choi Kang-ho,"" once called a TR5 hero, loses his precious partner at the end of the Great War. After his partner's death, an egg is left behind in their place. Carrying that egg carefully, he disappears from the eyes of the world. Exactly 30 years later, at January 1st, 00:00, ""Seol-a"" is born from his partner's egg. And once again, ominous signs begin to appear. To protect the peace and raise Seol-a well, the Absolute of Cheorwon begins his modern life.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Absolute%255C%2527s-Modern-Life
Dan, the Bat-Wielding Knight;7.2;45;Top of the 9th, two outs. The 'Bat Knight' aims for a comeback as his home run begins! An unknown power dwells within his baseball bat. Dan's adventure to smash the monsters of another world and find his way home!;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Dan%252C-the-Bat%25252DWielding-Knight
The Chairman of Pharmaceutical Company is a Poison King;7.05;31;300 years later... On an Earth shrouded in mana. I was a 'Mana Rejector'--someone for whom that very mana was a deadly poison. Then one day, as I was waiting for death, unable to even Awaken...I connected with an identical soul from another dimension. The soul of the Absolute Ruler of the Murim... The Absolute Poison Demon, Dang Gunak;https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Chairman-of-Pharmaceutical-Company-is-a-Poison-King
Fight Monsters with Monsters;6.8;30;Kim Han-ul dreamed of becoming the world's greatest Hunter. But blocked by the insurmountable wall of talent, he's stuck as a lowly E-Rank Hunter, barely making ends meet as a gaming streamer. One day, his go-to tower defense game announces its sudden end of service. As a final send-off, Han-ul challenges the legendary 700th wave... a notoriously impossible stage no player has ever beaten and miraculously clears it. In that exact moment, a blinding light consumes him, and he undergoes a Second Awakening! He finally has his hands on a top-tier skill. This is his chance to rise the ranks and make his Hunter dreams a reality! But wait... something feels off. As he tries to test out his newfound power, the monsters he summons are completely different from the badass creatures he expected...?!;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Fight-Monsters-with-Monsters
Return of the Adopted Child in a World of Bloodline Supremacy;6.44;50;"In a world where worth is measured by bloodline, and magic is a privilege hoarded by the nobility, hope was born in the lowest of places... When the Demons invaded, the illusion of noble supremacy shattered. Their magic--once thought absolute--proved useless against the tide of destruction. Cities fell, screams echoed across the land, and humanity stood on the brink of extinction. But within that despair... rose someone who was never meant to bow. Colin--a former slave--carved his path with nothing but his blade, rising to become the strongest swordsman the world had ever known. And in his final moments, as death closed in, fate placed a miracle in his hands... the ""Forbidden Grimoire""--a cursed tome that grants magic to anyone, even those denied it all their lives. He opened his eyes... Only to find himself five years in the past--once again a powerless boy, but now carrying memories of ruin... and power no longer out of reach. This isn't just a second chance. It's a declaration of war. This time, Colin won't repeat his mistakes. He won't stand by and watch the world crumble. He will break the rules, defy fate, and rise beyond the limits of both sword and sorcery. A blade in one hand... and magic in the other... The Magic Swordsman has been reborn. And this time... he will decide how the story ends.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/Return-of-the-Adopted-Child-in-a-World-of-Bloodline-Supremacy
Vicious Dog;6.4;45;"In Country H, the Juvenile Law was revised to set the maximum penalty at life imprisonment. In exchange, underage offenders are sent to a rehabilitation facility known as the ""Juvenile Reformatory."" However, this purely nominal punishment has backfired, leading to a surge in juvenile crime and bullying. Gen Amamori, a high school student living in Country H, suffers through brutal bullying every single day. One day, his beloved dog is mauled to death by a dog belonging to his bully, Kanemoto. Pushed past his breaking point, Gen snaps and inflicts a severe injury on Kanemoto, resulting in his incarceration at the Reformatory. Even within the facility, Gen finds himself at the absolute bottom of the hierarchy, subjected to constant violence. However, a chance encounter leads him to become the protégé of Seiya Kojo, the strongest man in the Reformatory. In a hellish environment where violence is the only law, can Gen survive? This is the story of a man crawling his way up from the very bottom.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/Vicious-Dog
Mysterious Revival: Starting with a Trillion Ghost Coins;6.17;62;"In a strange post-apocalyptic world, the protagonist Chen Mu is reborn with a trillion ghost coins in hand. From the very beginning he becomes a kind of ""angel investor"": while others are fighting desperately over just a few ghost coins, Chen Mu is already buying up all kinds of eerie locations. While everyone else is still groping for survival within existing rules, he instead overturns the table and becomes the one who sets those rules. ""You can even play the apocalypse like this?"" Faced with such doubts, Chen Mu just curls his lips and says: ""Relax--I've got this.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/Mysterious-Revival%253A-Starting-with-a-Trillion-Ghost-Coins
The Sword Emperor Who Surpasses His Previous Life;6.0;37;"The House of Cardenas, the legendary sword that shields the Arcadia Empire, is feared as a powerhouse of absolute martial might. It is whispered that their direct descendants carry the blood of dragons, manifesting in supernatural powers known as ""Unique Traits."" Leonard Cardenas, a humble trainee in the family's academy, suddenly awakens the memories of his past life as Yeon Muhyuk, the man once hailed as the world's greatest Sword Emperor. Armed with the wisdom of a legend, Leonard begins his climb to the top, challenging the elite high-bloods and uncovering the dark secrets of the dragon's lineage. The journey to become the ultimate Sword Emperor begins now!";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Sword-Emperor-Who-Surpasses-His-Previous-Life
The Eternal Support Mage Becomes the Strongest Sage;6.0;48;"Thor, a former hero's party member, teaches unpopular support magic at a magic university--until saving a student gets him fired. With nowhere else to go, he follows that very student, Reina, to the empire next door, where a princess hires him as a court magician.Though he underestimates himself, Thor's support magic is actually extraordinary, and his former students are already achieving greatness worldwide. Determined to at least look cool in front of them, the ""useless"" teacher begins his new life, unwittingly as the strongest sage.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Eternal-Support-Mage-Becomes-the-Strongest-Sage
Hero Covered: Saving the World With Dark Hereditary Skills;5.33;59;One day, a crack suddenly appeared in the sky. Magatama (evil spirits) spilled out from it, transformed into demonic corpses using living creatures as vessels, and began attacking the human world. Orbs appeared to counter these, and those who obtained them became Slayers, tasked with protecting this world. Arata, an 11-year-old boy, obtained the jet-black Orb of Soot, which is not one of the five Slayer attributes. An outcast who cannot be assigned to any attribute, Arata honed his power to control soot, which eventually became a weapon that would shake the world.;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Hero-Covered%253A-Saving-the-World-With-Dark-Hereditary-Skills
Absolute Ultimate Martial Lord;5.2;48;Born with blocked meridians, the boy Sowoon was slow to speak and grow. After meeting the esteemed figures of the Wudang Sect, he was cherished like a precious gem and grew up under their care. He eventually formed ties with the Six Martial Lords of the Orthodox Faction—monstrous prodigies whose martial prowess defied common sense. Just then, the Demon Cult emerged in the martial world, leading to a grand battle that would shake the land...! The exhilarating and thrilling golden era of Sowoon and the Six Divine Lords in the Jianghu!;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Absolute-Ultimate-Martial-Lord
The Reincarnation of God-Level Crafting;4.62;36;"In an alternate world where a super popular game has become reality, the profession Allen chose was the ""dud job,"" Crafter. However, when the memories of his previous life and game knowledge are combined, Crafter transforms into the strongest cheat job! Bringing modern weaponry into a fantasy world and dominating, the strongest protagonist--possessing power enough to influence the fate of the world--aims to reach the level cap at the fastest speed in history!";https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Reincarnation-of-God%25252DLevel-Crafting
Became the Rebel of the Necromancer Family;3.6;34;NA;https://demonicscans.org/manga/Became-the-Rebel-of-the-Necromancer-Family
Dungeon Games: The Ex-Corporate Slave Dominates with the Ultimate Job, ;2.0;31;"Yuma Anno, a corporate slave who has given up on life, suddenly awakens to the legendary profession of ""Playboy"" in a world invaded by dungeons. His skills are truly outlandish. With skills such as ""Bluffing,"" which distorts the perception of others, and ""Playfulness,"" which brings out the hidden potential of items, and his free-spirited thinking, he conquers the dungeons. Yuma, who has rediscovered his joy, gives courage to the people he meets in the dungeons. ""Playing expands people's potential."" A heartwarming tale of unparalleled power for modern people burdened with worries begins here!";https://demonicscans.org/manga/Dungeon-Games%253A-The-Ex%25252DCorporate-Slave-Dominates-with-the-Ultimate-Job%252C-%2522Trickster%2522
The Strongest Monster Killer Dad in History;2.0;32;Mitsuru Akai just moved from the countryside to the city with her father, Fuma--a man who once made a name for himself as a legendary Monster Killer. On her very first day at the new school, she's targeted by the local bully and dragged to a warehouse to be taught a lesson. But the bullying turns into a bloodbath when a swarm of monsters suddenly appears. Even stranger? It seems Mitsuru is the only one who can see them. Before she can make sense of it, she's abducted by two shady men posing as police officers. Now, a father's rage has been ignited. Fuma vows to get his daughter back at any cost, and the world's strongest father is about to show the city's worst monsters exactly why they should be afraid.;https://demonicscans.org/manga/The-Strongest-Monster-Killer-Dad-in-History
Meteor: The Supersonic Savior;2.0;41;"That single catastrophe didn't just change lives... it created a legend--and a nightmare. Lee Rowoon was just a paraplegic high school student--until the day he survived a devastating plane crash that should have killed him. From the wreckage, he rises with a miracle: legs that move faster than anything alive... unchained, unstoppable. But he wasn't the only one who came back. Choi Soohyuk witnessed the same hell--and awakened something far more terrifying: overwhelming telekinesis. With a warped sense of justice, he doesn't want to save the world... he wants to reshape it. Now, Rowoon steps into the role of his lifelong idol, becoming the blazing-fast hero ""Star Sonic,"" racing against time to protect the innocent. Meanwhile, Soohyuk becomes a walking disaster, crushing everything that stands in his way. Two survivors. One origin. Opposite destinies. When speed clashes with unstoppable force... the world won't survive unchanged. A relentless, high-octane superpower action thriller--where every second counts, and every move could be your last.";https://demonicscans.org/manga/Meteor%253A-The-Supersonic-Savior
